So, let us, let me explain a little bit more about question.
2 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Numbers 17.
3 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Question number 17. see, if he goes 6.5.
4 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
What is the opposite threat? Output? Voltage.
5 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So we have here this 2nd figure 6.5.
6 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
You want to fine.
7 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
The the open socket voltage, we have.
8 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
To find so here to here, we can see.
9 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Here we can see this is open. 2nd.
10 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
This is open socket. There is no connection right?
11 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Uh, there is no connection. There's no line.
12 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So, the current view flow here.
13 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So, here it will there is no current.
14 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
To this 1, because this is open subject.
15 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
It cannot be current. This is open separate. So there is no current to flow here. So all the.
16 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Karen from the battery, or the voltage supply will travel here.
17 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
It will alter over here. There is no splitting.
18 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
There is no current because.
19 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
This is open the socket. Okay. So if this is the case.
20 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Is it is as if the same as.
21 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Withdraw so it's the same as.
22 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So, it's 10 votes and this 6 months.
23 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
And these 12 homes is, uh, not relevant because the current.
24 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
The, I mean, that's a good.
25 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
The current move here there is no current. There's no current here.
26 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So because that's open circuit, so this stuff on is not relevant, right? It's not it's not useful.
27 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So we can, uh, draw.
28 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Withdraw, uh, this is correct.
29 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Become just a 2nd.
30 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Okay, so.
31 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
This means is still the V out.
32 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Is still the, this means, um.
33 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So this is the same that we want to.
34 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Uh, so let me.
35 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
This bug just deleted.
36 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Okay, so it is the same time, uh, 10 votes.
37 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
This is for all 76,600. so we L.
38 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Means voltage divider support.
39 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Okay, so I, I will re, draw it.
40 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
10 volts.
41 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Uh, owns 6 hours.
42 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
And we want voltage V. L.
43 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Across the 6 forms, so we.
44 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
This voltage divider theory. 6.
45 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Divide that by daughter 6+4.
46 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Multiply by 10 votes.
47 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
The answer is 6 books.
48 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So the answer sequels, so.
49 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
I hope you can see that that 12 is not relevant.
50 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Uh, not not part of the calculation because.
51 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Uh, output open socket is open circuit so it's the current.
52 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So, when Carlin is 0, the voltage across here is 0, because.
53 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Voltage is I. R and Colin.
54 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
0, 0.
55 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Multiply by 12, so.
56 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
0, so if there is.
57 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Uh, there's no use. There's no use no current. No current flow.
58 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
So, no current flow because it is part is.
59 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Uh, these spikes presented, so no current flow so the 12 forms can be discarded. So it's.
60 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Yes, I like this is not useful so this can be drawn like this, which means.
61 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Uh, this and be drawn and this means voltage divider theory. Okay.
62 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (4197920000)
Thank you very much.